Stop crying, Ji Ho.
Is it hard to stop crying?
If that's the case, we should go together.
It's okay to cry. Let's go together.
I'll be right next to you.
I'll be with you.
1988.
The world is looking at Korea.
The day the global festivities began in 1988,
I was getting ready...
to be born.
- It's moving. - Just like that,
I was born as a 1988 baby...
while the world watched Korea.
My gosh!
I was born during Korea's heyday.
Having a house and a car was natural.
I spent my childhood during a time of rapid growth and abundance.
There was a change in the midst of it.
The grade school was now called an elementary school.
Of course, crises came upon us too.
However, there was hope.
If one tried hard, they could get back on their feet.
Shoot, shoot.
I trusted that a desperate wish...
will always come true.
However, that trust was soon broken.
Even dreams started to have class.
We weren't 1988 babies anymore.
We became the 880-dollars-generation.
The vote of a 20-year-old did not have any power.
The world no longer looked to Korea.
In a world of competition,
my friends threw themselves for a line on their resume.
In between them,
I was a snail still chasing for dreams.
I may be a little slow, but I continued to believe...
that if I worked hard,
my dream will come true.
If I could tell my 20-year-old self...
about how I look like now,
would she believe me?
Bride and groom, please enter.
Let's go.
Okay.
The 30-year-old Yoon Ji Ho who was born in 1988...
didn't get to become a writer,
but she took the hand of a man...
who gave her a discounted rent.
I really...
got married...
because of housing.
Here I go.
1, 2...
It's finished.
It was a lot of work. Great work.
Great job, everyone.
Hey, stop crying.
People will think you have something to do with the groom.
What about you? Did you get paid to attend this?
How can you not shed a single tear?
You're so heartless.
We'll now take pictures with friends.
- Please come forward. - Hey, let's go for the photos.
- No way. - What?
Hey, let's go up.
We'll come down right away after the pictures, okay?
Is that all of your friends?
Yes.
- You too, Se Hee? - Yes.
Mr. Ma and the one with extra insoles.
Move to the bride's side.
- Me? - Yes, two of you.
- No. - No!
We don't have enough room.
I don't have extra insoles.
I'd appreciate your cooperation for a smooth wedding.
Mr. Ma, insoles, move to the right.
Okay, let's balance it out.
Okay.
All right.
Insoles and the tall woman should switch positions.
Here I go. 1, 2...
- Hey, your girlfriend... - Sang Goo.
Don't act friendly with her since we're still fighting.
Okay, okay. What about the tall girl standing next to your girlfriend?
Do you know her?
She's Ho Rang's best friend, so I'm close with her too.
Then she was born in 1988?
How dare she block me?
Let's just eat and jet.
Don't act like you know her. Okay?
Why would I say hello? I'm a shy guy.
Gosh. Are these seats empty?
- They're taken. - No, they're not.
No? Then please excuse us.
Sang Goo, you go there.
Is that good?
Do you want to try?
It's good.
Hello. I think...
it's our first time meeting. I only heard about you.
- Hello. I heard a lot about you. - Hello.
- This is my friend Woo Soo Ji... - Soo Ji.
- What is this? Do you know her? - No.
Then how did you know her name?
She just looks like a Soo Ji.
She looks sharp and chic.
She looks like someone that would block you on chats.
It says she's the type right on her face.
- What? - I met him through work before.
Have you been well, Mr. Ma?
Thanks to you, I've been doing well.
I got a cold since we're changing seasons.
After getting blocked by you, I was also depressed.
I was really happy and full of emotions.
Soo Ji the blocker.
It's Ji Ho.
Wow! They look good together!
Who would have thought she'd get married first?
I know.
It feels like yesterday she got drunk and threw up at our flat.
A flight of pigeons gathered the next day...
It was such a bother.
- You chase them as an eagle. - Hey.
It was a hawk, not an eagle.
Did he get a snack?
What is that on his mouth?
- That looks like hot sauce. - It does.
Why would he go around like that?
Why does the sauce keep on dripping from his nose?
You're right, it keeps on dripping.
Hot sauce?
You must have been really tired.
I think it's because...
the amount of physical activity increased in the last few days.
You're right.
That's why your nose is bleeding.
I thought you'd have to be punched to get both nostrils to bleed.
I'm just as flustered as someone who got knocked down.
This is just as hard as developing a project.
I'm talking about weddings.
It's almost over,
so please hang in there.
Okay.
I want to go rest at our home.
What? Did I say something wrong?
No, you didn't.
I should go and wash this.
I want to go rest at our home.
Our home.
That's because you're tired.
When you're tired, you should take anything you can find.
- Here, take it. - Thanks.
You have to take this with that.
Okay.
Why are you so thin?
What food do you like?
Can you eat snake soup?
I've never tried that.
Oh, right.
People in Seoul don't really eat such things.
Then what should I feed you?
Ma'am.
Ji Ho is a woman with determination.
Pardon?
I don't know Ji Ho that well yet,
When she decided to write scenarios,
when she decided to quit,
and when she decided to get married,
she made all those choices for herself.
She may seem weak and shy, but she's a very determined person.
Her heart is really strong.
She doesn't do anything that makes her unhappy.
Therefore,
Ji Ho will eventually choose...
the path that makes her happy.
And I'm not going to be in the way...
while I'm married to her.
That's all the promise I can make.
I'm sorry.
Why?
I can't make promises to make her happy...
or protect her.
That's the only thing I can promise you.
What about it? It's the right thing to say.
Just because you're married,
it doesn't mean you have to make her happy.
Who can make anyone else happy?
It's hard to be happy these days.
The best thing you can do is to not be in the way of others.
It's so much better than saying all the empty words.
I'll make you snake soup next time.
Give it a try.
Snake soup?
It's good.
We survived all those hard times,
didn't we, sir?
Yes, of course.
They were all born in good times.
They always complain how things are hard.
Let's go already. They're all tired.
We'll get going. Let's go.
Okay.
Anyway, please take good care of my daughter...
- even if she's lacking. - Yes, of course.
Don't worry.
- Please take care of her. - See you later.
- Safe trip home. - Bye.
Ji Ho, I'll get going.
I'm sorry you had to come when you're pregnant.
Not at all.
By the way, your husband is so good-looking.
What? Is he?
He's really handsome.
Let's get going now.
Okay.
He's really handsome.
What's wrong?
I was just wondering if my nose is bleeding again.
It's because you kept looking at my face.
Is there something on my face?
No, it's just that...
There's a mosquito.
In this weather?
I know, right?
They survive so well.
Well...
Thank you.
I heard it earlier from outside.
Thank you for saying such things...
to my mom.
I feel like I made you worry.
I should have dealt with it before.
That doesn't concern just you.
If the parent is concerned about us living together,
it's my job as the landlord to make her feel relieved.
Precisely speaking,
it's not just your concern.
It's ours.
Our concern?
Yes, it's our concern.
That's our issue.
(Episode 6: Because This Is Our First Time)
Is there a table?
There's none.
Oh, really?
Hey, you knew this, didn't you?
That this place sells great food? Of course.
Ho Rang. My goodness.
Hey.
What a coincidence to run into you here.
I know, right?
- Seoul's so tiny. - I know.
Since it's small, let's share a table together.
It's okay.
Goodness, how can you block me when I'm so busy?
Go sit down quickly.
Sit with us and don't disturb her.
Sit down.
Let's join them since they're busy.
- Cheers. - Shall we?
- Cheers. - Cheers.
Gosh, she drank it at once.
Ho Rang, you're good at drinking mixed drinks.
I thought you'd only drink soju.
I wasn't good before, but I got better recently.
It's because I broke up with my boyfriend.
Oh, I see. You broke up with your boyfriend.
Goodness.
Should I register my name on your application?
I mean, if a beautiful woman like you...
register on our app, it'd be an honor.
What kind of man do you like?
I don't care much about anything, only if he didn't study engineering.
An engineering student. But he is...
Did something bad happen in the past with an engineering student?
What did the engineering student do so wrong?
Could you ask her that for me? I want to hear about it.
Did you hear him?
I don't want to talk about it since we already broke up.
Please pass this to him.
Why are you two doing this to me?
Hey, stop it.
Also tell him that I wish he could understand things...
better in his next life.
Because I don't think he can in this life.
- Are you serious? - What about it?
I tried to understand you,
but you went too far this time, do you know that?
What did you try to understand?
How on earth did you try to understand me?
Don't give me that sarcastic smile, okay?
I hate that the most.
Do you know why I'm angry and what the real reason is?
- Do you even know? - I do!
I do know why you are upset.
Please calm down.
Won Seok didn't feel good...
when he found out why you got upset.
He knows you are upset because he got the sofa that was displayed.
What?
He was worried if the sofa had any stains because it was displayed.
He tried to wash it as much as possible.
At the end, he even had a stiff muscle in his arms.
Mr. Ma, can you please stop talking?
He wanted to save the delivery fee too.
He carried the sofa all the way from the station.
- He did his best. - Just stop talking.
Ho Rang.
Won Seok did all he could.
Is that the reason...
you could only think of?
Did you think I was upset because you bought me the displayed sofa?
What?
To you...
You think I'm just someone who's upset with that kind of thing.
Even after seven years.
- Ho Rang. - Ho Rang.
- What is going on? - You should go out and check.
Ho Rang!
Ho Rang.
Yang Ho Rang! Are you serious?
Was that not the reason?
What is it then?
Do you know...
I caught the bouquet...
- at Ji Ho's wedding? - Yes, I saw it.
I even saw you almost fell over.
Ho Rang, please stop beating around the bush.
Just tell me why you are upset.
Do you also know that catching the bouquet means...
you have to get married in six months?
What are you talking about?
You can be straight forward.
Let's talk things out.
If you don't get married in six months...
after catching the bouquet,
it means you can't get married for three years.
Why are you talking about that stupid superstition?
That's not important now.
Goodness.
Yang Ho Rang! Are you insane? What is this?
Marriage!
I want to get married!
Marriage.
How could that turn into something romantic all of a sudden?
"I want to get married!" "Ho Rang!"
That was more surprising than any other plot twists.
Mr. Ma, you haven't been in many relationships, have you?
What? Are you talking about relationships?
I don't even know what to say.
Ms. Woo.
Do you know why my name is Ma Sang Goo?
It's because my relationships has always gone well...
since I was 18.
I'm Magical Sang Goo.
I'm not talking about texting back and forth.
I'm talking about the real relationships.
You get to the point where you don't know if you guys are in love...
or too close to each other like a family. You may feel intimidating.
Have you ever been in a long-term relationship like that?
I mean, something like what they have now.
I've been with someone for 4 or 5 months many times.
What about you?
Have you been in...
the real relationship?
I don't do it. It's frustrating.
I don't do that with guys.
I just make memories with them.
I can take a taxi from right there. How about you, Mr. Ma?
What's with him now?
Hi.
What is it?
Your daughter was crying there. So I helped her.
- What are you talking about? - What am I talking about?
You guys look so much alike.
- I don't need it. - Just keep it.
You said you make memories with guys.
This can be a memory you made today.
By the way,
can you please unblock me?
I promise I won't send you any stupid messages anymore.
I'm asking you. You can go now.
I don't look like her at her.
Ji Ho got married.
Seul Bi is getting married too.
Ji Ho got married and Seul Bi is getting married too.
I get it.
Ho Rang, please stop crying. You should sleep now.
If you keep crying, you'll have a headache.
It's okay. Let's sleep.
All right.
Why are you crying so much?
Don't cry.
- Did you wake up? - Yes.
You made a nice breakfast.
I did.
I always eat breakfast.
And it's our first day after our wedding.
I see.
I hope you enjoy.
You can have some too.
I'm okay.
But...
it's officially my first day of moving in.
I made a lot because I thought we were going to eat together.
I will have some then.
Okay.
Thank you.
This is delicious.
That's good.
I know I'm good at cooking.
Yes, I agree with you.
You have a talent for cooking.
It's actually the first time...
for us to eat a proper meal together...
instead of ramyeon.
You are right.
What did you do yesterday?
Yesterday?
We just showered, watched a soccer game, and went to bed.
Did you watch a soccer game with him?
We were too tired. So we watched it separately in each other's rooms.
You guys use different rooms?
I mean, we watched it with each other's phones.
Try this out. It's really good.
I don't need it. You need it, Bride.
You need some energy as a newlywed.
When do you think he's the sexiest?
- What? - You guys are newlyweds.
Do you not want him all the time?
We're not like that.
Ji Ho, don't tell me you guys are a sexless couple.
That's not true.
Then why aren't you telling me anything?
I shared every single detail about what happened with my dates.
And you're not telling me anything about your husband.
When he includes me in his life.
I like to hear him mention things about us.
When he says something like...
our house or our business,
I feel so good.
So you get excited whenever he says "we"?
Is that your fetish?
That's not it.
- What's her fetish? - It's not my fetish.
She gets excited whenever he says "we".
What a literary fetish for a writer.
- We... - We...
It's your first day of marriage. For what did you come outside?
To get a part-time work.
A part-time work? Why?
What?
I need to work in order to pay for my...
I mean, our living expenses and wireless bills.
Hey, your husband is so mean.
Why?
How could he make her work part-time when they're married?
Having a double-income is a must in this society.
Will you not work when you get married?
Of course, I will. I'll do housework.
I'll give birth to children and spend time with my in-laws.
You need professionalism for that too.
What did Won Seok say about it?
Did he answer to your weird proposal?
Answer, my foot.
He's not in the place to answer.
He made a girl propose first.
I woke up and he was gone already.
He knows what he did is wrong.
Ho Rang. Are you sure he wants to marry you?
- What? - Have you had...
a serious conversation with him about marriage?
What's there to talk about?
Soo Ji, we've dated for seven years.
He better have our marriage in mind.
If not, he's a scumbag.
Just marry her.
Even someone like him got married, so why can't you?
He has a job and a house.
Where will I live if I get married?
It's not like I can show her parents my loft.
You still haven't gotten the investment?
I'm meeting them later today, but I'm not sure.
They might decide not to invest in me after giving me false hope.
Don't be mistaken about what I say.
Will you just join my company?
I mean, I know that you're the CEO of your company.
But you should be part of somewhere to get married at ease.
Thank you for the offer, but I want to see the end of it.
I've invested a lot of time in this too.
Above all, I don't know what marriage is.
Do you know what marriage is?
What?
Well...
It must be something nice. Being together is better than being alone.
Having someone who understands me unconditionally.
Having her by my side all the time.
Isn't that nice?
What's wrong with you?
Why have you gotten so buttery?
Do you have someone like that lately?
It's more than what you can imagine.
Se Hee, what's marriage?
What do you think marriage is, married man?
Are you happy now that you're married?
I told you not to talk to me while I'm working.
You completely disturbed my logic.
I see.
And don't bring out personal issues at work.
Okay.
I just realized people can spit through their eyes.
He has no sense of companionship.
But he got married, so why can't we?
You look so young.
You look younger than your age.
Are you preparing for an exam?
No, I'm just taking a break for a while.
At your age?
You were a writer.
I was an assistant writer for dramas.
Assistant writer?
I didn't know there was such a job.
I'm afraid I can't hire you.
We're looking for people in their 20s.
I'm sorry.
I see.
(Hiring part-time workers)
Goodness.
- Excuse me. Are you hiring... - Bok Nam.
Bok Nam! Where on earth did this punk go?
- Are you here to apply? - Yes.
- Excuse me. - Yes, please hold.
We're busy like crazy, but where is he?
I'm sorry, but can you go find Bok Nam?
Who's Bok Nam?
He's my baby. He left while I was in the kitchen.
- I should tie him or something. - Did he go out alone?
He looks like... Oh, his hair is brown.
He's fluffy and is wearing pink.
He likes to be in a corner.
You'll find him if you search those areas.
He's brown, fluffy, and in pink.
Excuse me, aren't you going to take my order?
You can tell he's pretty just by looking at him.
Thank you in advance.
I'm coming. Please hold.
Bok Nam.
I didn't ask him about its breed.
Is he a brown poodle?
Bok Nam.
What are you looking for?
I'm looking for a dog owned by a restaurant owner over there.
I think he left outside alone.
His name is Bok Nam.
Bok Nam?
Have you seen him?
His hair is fluffy brown.
He's in pink.
You can tell he's pretty just by looking at him.
He's pretty?
Yes. Maybe.
- Have you seen? - No.
Bye, then.
Excuse me.
Give me your number.
Why?
I'll call you if I find the dog.
Sure.
Here.
The name, Bok Nam, doesn't sound so pretty.
Why did I give him my number?
He's not even the owner.
You're here.
What should we do?
I couldn't find Bok Nam.
He came back just a minute ago. Thank you.
Really?
Thank goodness.
Where is...
Have a seat. You said you're looking for a part-time job, right?
Yes.
Thank you for helping me find Bok Nam.
He sneaks out whenever he gets a chance.
By the way, I love how you named him.
- Did you bring your resume? - Sure.
Oh, right. Someone named Mr. Park called me...
and said they're having a company dinner today.
I can't believe them.
It's obvious what they're after.
They want me to come and pay for their dinner.
It's the Mr. Park who works at Phoenix, right?
No, the Mr. Park who works at HK.
HK?
Oh, they're having a company dinner.
Where at what time?
I texted you the location and time.
Is that so?
By the way, what is this strange feeling that I'm the only one...
who volunteers to carry stuff?
Considering the age and social status,
shouldn't you carry these?
Isn't she Se Hee's wife?
Oh, Ji Ho.
- Hello. - Hello.
What brings you here? Oh, you're here to see Se Hee?
No, I had business to take care of near here.
That's good. We're going to have some snacks, so join us.
No, thanks. I need to go home.
It'll be nice if you join us.
Make yourself comfortable.
You've never been here before, right?
- Yes. - How is it?
- It's really nice. - Yes, I gave it some effort.
Oh, Se Hee must be in a meeting, but I think it'll be over soon.
This is his seat right here.
Take a look around. I'll go get these served.
- Okay. - Let's go, Ji Ho! I love it!
[VIU Ver] E06 Because This is My First Life
"Because This is Our First Time"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(It's me.)
(Ma Sang Goo: Nickname, Mavely, Likes women and working late)
(Nam Se Hee: No nickname, Likes cats and hates things like this)
Didn't you say there wasn't anything to fix last week?
I clearly asked if there's anything to fix for the final version.
I even asked twice.
That happened because so many people voiced in for this matter.
Do I have to know all of them?
You should have dealt with it beforehand.
I know that I should have...
I hope you don't ever break my working rhythm...
with a minor issue like this one.
Yes, sir.
- Eat up, you guys. - Thank you for the food.
I paid with the company card anyway.
This is not a hologram, is it?
I never thought it'd be possible to see Se Hee's wife with my own eyes.
Don't overact.
Can I take a photo for work?
You mean me?
She's pretty.
Why would you take my photo?
You're Se Hee's ideal type. I'll put you in our database.
His ideal type?
Se Hee told Mr. Ma that he married you because you're pretty.
Isn't that right?
I've never heard Se Hee using such a fancy adjective...
when describing a woman.
Very. Very pretty.
That's what he said.
That's unexpected.
I'm glad you're here, Ji Ho.
When will we ever get to tease Se Hee like this again?
I know.
Please visit us more often, Mrs. Nam.
- That's so cheesy. - Have one more, Ji Ho.
- Okay. - I'll give her one.
Here. Have this.
- Eat up. - Eat up.
Thank you.
That's right.
Let's do the wave again.
I'll start us off.
Shall we get going now?
No, let's stay longer.
Gosh.
Hey, Mr. Ma.
Mr. Ma, over here.
- You've come a long way. - How have you been?
What's this gathering about?
It's a dinner...
for the new recruits because it's their last day.
- Nice to meet you. - This is...
the CEO of Gyeol Mal Ae, Mr. Ma Sang Goo.
Give a round of applause.
I'm Ma Sang Goo, the CEO of Gyeol Mal Ae! Let's go, Gyeol Mal Ae!
- Let's go! - Let's go!
Gosh, let's drink.
Since Mr. Ma joined us, let's go to another restaurant.
Why don't we go and have raw beef sashimi?
Okay. That sounds great.
- I'll pay now. - Okay.
Please use this.
What are you doing?
- I'll pay for this. - Why should you?
We are the ones who drank them.
- Please give me the bill. - Okay.
It's 260 dollars. Please sign here.
I get that you earn a lot,
but don't use money on the ones that take advantage of you.
If you have money for this, go and play with the claw machine.
Here you go.
- Thank you. - Thank you. Goodbye.
What's with that woman?
Well...
Is she showing off her charms? It makes my heart flutter.
That's her card. Thank you.
- Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you.
- I pressed it. Let's take a look. - Okay.
Mr. Park,
we're friends now.
- Mr. Park. - Do you think we're really friends?
- Darn you. - Gosh, I'm jealous.
- Ms. Woo. - Yes?
Why didn't you accept my friend request? It's been two weeks.
Oh, really? I didn't know that.
Check it out now.
- I'll do it later. - Why?
Do you not want a friend who's already married?
No, it's not that.
- It's just... - Mr. Park.
I also got rejected by my employee.
She was so mad that her boss asked her to be her friend.
- I would be mad too. - So...
I guess the culture in offices is like that.
Let's not be friends with colleagues. That's the culture.
Isn't that employee a woman?
Yes, that's right.
I knew it. That's how girls are like.
I know the reason.
I bet she has tons of pictures she took with her boyfriend.
If that's not the case, why wouldn't she accept the friend request?
- I know. - That's exactly right.
Goodness, okay, okay. I'll accept it. Are you happy now?
Ms. Woo,
you're the cool type.
Then don't erase that bikini photo you took in a hotel.
Don't like it then. It'll be creepy.
- Let's drink. - I'm gonig to like it.
Pour me some more.
Are you going to smoke?
What's wrong with you?
Why do you not get mad at such trashy talks?
Mr. Ma, please control yourself.
You're so straightforward with me.
How come you only smile in front of them?
Are you playing dumb in front of them?
Hey, you might not get it because you're the CEO,
but dinners like this is also a part of work for people like me.
If the seniors fight in front of the newbies, what'd they think of us?
That's why you need to be more straightforward in front of them.
You should let them know that such behavior is not tolerable.
Why should I do that?
Can you imagine a life of a female worker in such a big company?
If things get noisy,
I'll end up being gossiped about.
So stop minding my business, Mr. Ma.
Mr. Ma is...
so much more fun than I thought.
Is that so?
Did you see Bo Mi's face earlier?
When Mr. Ma hid the sandwich...
I think Bo Mi is quite adorable.
I see.
Do you know this?
It's the first time...
we are going home together.
Really?
Most of the time,
living alone in Seoul is okay...
except for when I have to go home alone.
So I imagined this when I was back in school.
I thought I'd be going home with someone if I'm married.
That it'd be great.
I see.
Woori!
Were you not bored by yourself?
I named her.
Her name is Woori.
I think it's good for her to have a name.
Calling her Kitty is a bit strange.
It's like my mom calling me Kid.
"Kid, have your meal."
Do you not like...
the name?
It's not that I don't like it.
I just feel a bit uncomfortable.
Do you feel uncomfortable?
Yes, I do. She is my cat,
and someone else is calling her by a different name.
It's uncomfortable.
I see.
I understand you.
Does that mean...
you felt uncomfortable...
because I visited your office today?
Yes, to be honest, I did.
Okay.
I see.
We were obliged to get married.
So if you want more than the landlord-tenant relationship,
it's very uncomfortable for me.
I would love to avoid the situation like today...
as much as possible.
Okay.
I agree with you.
I think you are right about it.
You are right.
I will try to do that.
Can I take her?
I have to cut her toenails.
I see.
Ho Rang, does Won Seok want to marry you?
Have you guys had a serious conversation about...
getting married?
- You are here. - I'm so tired.
You told me you had a meeting with the investors.
I bet you did a great job.
I really did.
Everyone acted like Steve Jobs.
They want us to start from a garage.
Are we in America?
I don't even have a car. How can I have a garage?
This is comfortable.
- Won Seok. - Yes?
I want to talk about us getting married.
Okay.
What do you think?
- What do I think? - Yes.
I've never heard how you actually feel about it.
Do you want to get married too?
I mean,
to be honest, I don't know yet.
You don't know yet?
I love you so much.
I always want to be with you.
That's why I'm living with you now.
But...
I don't know what it is like to get married yet.
But you love me.
Of course. You know I can't live without you.
But I don't know if getting married is the same as loving someone.
- What? - Marriage is about having kids...
and being responsible.
I can't even successfully arrange an investment at the moment.
So how I can do such things?
That's what you think.
Yes.
It makes me think a lot these days.
I'm concerned about many things.
Ho Rang, are you disappointed by any chance?
No, you can be concerned.
Being in a relationship and getting married are different.
I think so too.
It's very difficult.
Ho Rang, I sometimes think...
love and marriage are separate things.
We are the unlucky kids born in 1988.
We were born in the heyday of our country.
But we are also going through the worst recession too.
We experienced both prosperity and poverty.
That's why we are called...
(I love you, Ho Rang.)
the unlucky kids born in 1988.
Nothing is easy for us. Getting married, dating someone,
and being ourselves...
are all difficult to have.
I'm sorry. I sometimes act like an cocky old man.
Don't worry about it.
Being romantic and having a relationship are...
something you can't dream of without spending money and energy.
That's why...
I misunderstood this time.
I will be with you.
It's not just your burden anymore.
It's our burden.
Is it ours?
Yes, it is ours.
Because of those words you said,
I thought I finally got something easily this time.
I thought I finally found...
someone I can be called "us" with.
For the time being,
I was happy.
You made a nice breakfast again.
Yesterday,
I definitely overacted.
Pardon?
- That's okay. - After I quit my work,
my self-esteem has gone down.
I'm sorry for disturbing you.
Actually,
it's been so long since I heard...
words like "we" or "us".
Our house. Our neighborhood.
It's hard to hear such things anymore these days.
It's been a while since I felt like I belonged somewhere.
That's why I overacted.
I mistakenly thought you and I...
belong together.
That was a mistake.
So from now on,
don't easily say...
"we" or "us" anymore.
I might misunderstand it.
Okay.
I understand.
I know why...
I'm feeling anger right now.
Please give me my spoon.
Okay.
It's because I got the wrong idea, hurt my pride,
and was embarrassed.
There may be many reasons,
- Hello? - Is this Ms. Yoon Ji Ho?
Yes, who is it?
- It's me, the alley guy. - The alley guy?
Oh, you're the guy I met when I was looking for Bok Nam.
Yes, that's right.
- What's happening? - I had something to ask you.
- Do you have a note beside you? - A note?
Yes, I do.
What about a pen?
I have a pen too.
- What about a boyfriend? - A boy...
- Pardon? - Do you have a boyfriend?
There may be many reasons,
but I'm sure of one thing.
I don't have...
Now, I want to...
a boyfriend.
hurt you.
Our gravity...
is gone.
(Because This Is My First Life)
We met for the first time.
I guess you two have gotten close already.
- You said you didn't want it. - That's not true.
What is this inappropriate behavior?
Are you mad at me or something?
Why would I be?
Isn't he the total opposite of your husband?
What's wrong with you?
I suddenly feel like I'm not experienced enough.
If I stay with you any longer, I think I'll eat you up.
Why do you want both?
I want to be extra careful since I'm never going to get married.
I think it'd be a good experience to try and meet him.
I don't have any right to interfere with my wife's private life.
What should we do about him?